Issue 113 add sqd tutorial (#114)
artheranet/arthera-docs: docs/build/08-tutorials/05-sqd-tutorial.mdx

Create the indexer project (squid) from an example repo using Squid CLI:

```bash!
sqd init arthera-squid -t https://github.com/bertux/arthera-squid && cd arthera-squid
```

The example is a starter template of a squid indexer for EVM networks (slightly modified to fit Arthera).

## Step 3 - Explore the ./src Folder

Inspect the `./src` folder:

```bash!
src/
├── abi
├── main.ts
├── processor.ts
└── model
    ├── generated
    │   ├── mint.model.ts
    │   ├── index.ts
    │   └── marshal.ts
    └── index.ts
```

- `src/abi` serves as a [utility module](https://docs.subsquid.io/sdk/resources/tools/typegen/generation/) created from the JSON ABI of the contracts you want to interact with. One module will be generated for each ABI file, and it will include constants useful for filtering and functions for decoding EVM events and functions defined in the ABI. **We are not working with ABI in this tutorial.**
- `src/model` contains TypeORM model classes autogenerated from `schema.graphql`. Squids use them to populate Postgres.

`processor.ts` is the main executable. In this example, it also contains all the data retrieval configuration.

---

> Made minor changes to the official EVM template to get real-time data about Arthera transactions from the zero address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Made minor changes to the official minimal EVM template to get real-time data about Arthera transactions from the zero address:
```

1. Declare a variable for the mint address `const ARTHERA_MINT_ADDRESS = '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000'`
2. Change `.setGateway` to https://v2.archive.subsquid.io/network/arthera-mainnet
3. Provide an RPC endpoint to get real-time data and store it in `arthera-squid/.env`. E.g. `RPC_ETH_HTTP`= https://rpc.arthera.net

> 4. Adjust `.setFields` to include `to: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Adjust `.setFields` to replace `from: true` by `to: true`
```

> 5. Add 2x `.addTransaction` - 1x specifying `to`, 1x specifying `from`. In both cases we want to use our constant `ARTHERA_MINT_ADDRESS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Adjust `.addTransaction` to use our constant `ARTHERA_MINT_ADDRESS`
```

export const processor = new EvmBatchProcessor()
    // Lookup archive by the network name in Subsquid registry
    // See https://docs.subsquid.io/evm-indexing/supported-networks/
    .setGateway('https://v2.archive.subsquid.io/network/arthera-mainnet')
    // Chain RPC endpoint is required for
    //  - indexing unfinalized blocks https://docs.subsquid.io/basics/unfinalized-blocks/
    //  - querying the contract state https://docs.subsquid.io/evm-indexing/query-state/
    .setRpcEndpoint({
        // Set the URL via .env for local runs or via secrets when deploying to Subsquid Cloud
        // https://docs.subsquid.io/deploy-squid/env-variables/
        url: assertNotNull(process.env.RPC_ETH_HTTP, 'No RPC endpoint supplied'),
        // More RPC connection options at https://docs.subsquid.io/evm-indexing/configuration/initialization/#set-data-source
        rateLimit: 10
    })
    .setFinalityConfirmation(75)
    .setFields({
        transaction: {
            to: true,
            value: true,
            hash: true,
        },
    })
    .setBlockRange({
        from: 0,
    })
    .addTransaction({
        from: [ARTHERA_MINT_ADDRESS],
    })
```

> The `main.ts` file is about data processing and storage (no changes needed here):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `main.ts` file is about data processing and storage (changed `tx.from` by `tx.to`):
```
